1. For each strain condition, we used 4 initial configurations as POSCAR for the DFT calculations. These 4 configurations have different initial polarizations: A represents polarization along [110], B represents polarization along [011], C represents polarization along [001], and D represents polarization along [111]. For each strain condition, we obtained 4 stable structures. We analyzed whether these 4 structures have the same polarization direction, and finally screened out 4 or fewer unique configurations. We then compared their energy magnitudes and obtained Fig.1.

2. CONTCAR are in these directories e.g., 'IO/a3.932b3.954/iniA'
	'a3.932b3.954' represent the strain condition: a_IP=3.932 angstrom, b_IP=3.954 angstrom
	'iniA' represent the initial configuration whose polarization along [110]
	'iniB' represent the initial configuration whose polarization along [101]
	'iniC' represent the initial configuration whose polarization along [001]
	'iniD' represent the initial configuration whose polarization along [111]

3. The energy of all structures is recorded in the data file "energy_all.txt". The first column represents the in-plane lattice parameter "a", the second column represents the in-plane lattice parameter "b";
   The third column (E1min) indicates the initial configuration label corresponding to the lowest energy configuration among the four. The subsequent column is its energy in eV/u.c.;
   The fifth column (E2min) indicates the initial configuration label corresponding to the second lowest energy configuration among the four. The subsequent column is its energy in eV/u.c.;
   The sixth column (E3min) indicates the initial configuration label corresponding to the third lowest energy configuration among the four. The subsequent column is its energy in eV/u.c.;
   The seventh column (E4min) indicates the initial configuration label corresponding to the fourth lowest energy configuration among the four. The subsequent column is its energy in eV/u.c..

4. The energy of all structures is recorded in the data file "displacement_all.txt". 
   But, we already do the "screened out" to obtain unique states in each starin condition. So if the displacement is (0,0,0), it stands for that, the displacement of the stable state after calculating the initial configuration (POSCAR) will be merged with another one.
   The first column represents the in-plane lattice parameter "a", the second column represents the in-plane lattice parameter "b";
   The third column (E1min) indicates the initial configuration label corresponding to the lowest energy configuration among the four. The subsequent three columns represent the displacements of Ti atoms in that configuration;
   The seventh column (E2min) represents the initial configuration label corresponding to the second lowest energy configuration among the four. The subsequent three columns follow the same format and represent the displacements of Ti atoms;
   The eleventh column (E3min) represents the initial configuration label corresponding to the third lowest energy configuration among the four;
   The eleventh column (E4min) represents the initial configuration label corresponding to the fourth lowest energy configuration among the four.
